Qin Yuan is finished
Claiming to be the Sword Emperor of Shushan
Then I respectfully invite the true palace emperor's law to come
sword
Ha ha.
Hahahaha
Thousand yuan, let's run away
This lunatic paid the price of burning his life
Please Jianhuang Law School
court appearance
Zhao is born cheap
Legend has it that such a highly respected qualification
Only then can we have the opportunity to become the sword girl of Lord Sword Emperor
He burns himself
Attack the Sword Emperor
Heaven is angry
We're all done
Wait for me to go back
He was bad.
When are you going to arrange it?
Although you have obtained the treasure of Shushan, Shushan Sword
But that Shushan sword
It's just an accessory for the Shushan Sword Emperor
It cannot be compared with the real Sword Emperor
You have to be arrogant
But also to distinguish reality
Ah.
You are mine
No one can get what they can't get
Heaven is holy
I hate fate
The earth is a sword demon
Attack the emperor and general of the Shushan Temple
Come to this world
Kill this stay